hey everyone my name is Austin Gutwein I
want to tell you about a very amazing
tour coming up called the hoops of Hope
all-stars tour it's gonna be a 12 CID
tour that is targeted to help young
people just like you make a difference
you see we're going to 12 seas across
the US and bringing a citywide hoops of
hopeful vent where kids are coming
together and shooting hoops to raise
money to help AIDS orphans in Africa we
want to empower our generation to make a
difference and many times people think
we have to wait till we're in don't I
think about you and I know us on
true.you and I know that we can step out
and do something great for God now is
that's really why this event is here is
to help us go out and make a difference
with the hoops of Hope all-stars - you
don't have to be a great basketball
player I'm sure that there may be you
out there thinking whoa I like
basketball have a watched a basketball
game you know why couldn't you have done
something with soccer you see the thing
is is that it really isn't about
basketball it's about making a
difference is about taking our best shot
it's not about the number of free-throws
you make is the fact that you're willing
to go out and make a difference fact
that you're willing to shoot those free
throws I remember the first time when I
was over in Africa and I saw a school
open I saw all these kids with their
smiles knowing that they were gonna be
able have an education I for me at that
moment
it wasn't about basketball anymore it
wasn't about the free throws that we
were shooting it was about the fact that
these kids were having an education
because we were making difference
because we weren't taking our best shot
that's the same thing for the hoops
football starts know that because you
want and take your best shot because you
come this event and shoot free throws
that kids are going to be able to have
an education for a first time because
they're going be able have clean water
for the first time they'd rather be able
to know that their mom and dad who have
a disease are gonna make it to the next
day because you decided to take your
best shot so now what I need you to do
to do your part to make you difference
is go to the hoops of Hope all-stars
website which is hoops of Hope all-stars
calm and on there click the register
button to register for this amazing
event and there is a small fee for the
event but you
see with that cost we're able to make
its at way a hundred percent of what you
raise goes to the project go sees kids
goes to giving these people hope and
actually for every city there's another
city that we're working with over in
Africa and with that registration fee
you get some very cool things as well
included with it an All Stars t-shirt
you get an all-day pass to the festival
and actually a ticket to a concert that
night that you will not want to miss
with a very cool artists so I'd
encourage all of you to go onto the
website once again that soups of hope
all stars calm and together we can start
making a difference